this is my husband Karl Karl suffered a
devastating stroke on April 21st 2009 he
was 83 years old the stroke caused
paralysis of the right side of his body
and damage to his ability ability to
communicate verbally thanks to quick
actions he received thrombolytic therapy
TPA in the emergency room the paralysis
subsided but karl was still not able to
communicate verbally this was
devastating for Karl who had been an
active gregarious and verbal man he
participated in sports and encouraged
others to do so he was also a
compassionate man always ready to help
those in need since the stroke Karl's
family began searching for an
appropriate program to rehabilitate his
communication and language skills after
reading about cognitive therapy we were
fortunate to find that LearningRx
provided this training karl was
evaluated and began his training
sessions in November 2009 karl has three
one-hour training sessions per week karl
looks forward to his training and is
engaged with the trainer one only needs
to observe his body language to gauge
his level of interest during these
sessions no matter his mood or energy
level he wants to attend his training at
LearningRx after the training session I
observe an increase in energy level and
an increased interest in activities
outside the home such as going to lunch
running errands with me and so us
LearningRx training is
stone current brain research progress
has been documented by progress reports
videotaping of sessions and other
record-keeping Carl and I and his family
look forward with hope to the future for
continued success at LearningRx